Add content from community doc PR:1063 to 1070 excluding 1067 (#196)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.9.0/modules/en/pages/longhorn-system/v2-data-engine/quick-start-guide.adoc

  - Module uio_pci_generic is loaded
----

==== Use Longhorn Command Line Tool

Make sure everything is correctly configured and installed by

[subs="+attributes", console]
----
longhornctl --kube-config ~/.kube/config --image longhornio/longhorn-cli:v{{< current-version >}} install preflight --enable-spdk
----

> See xref:../system-access/longhorn-cli.adoc[Longhorn Command Line Tool] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to xref:../system-access/longhorn-cli.adoc[Longhorn Command Line Tool] for more information.
```
